>> Brian Holt: It's still not super
useful because we can change this input.
Congratulations, we're now writing to
Redux but it's not really doing anything.
One thing we want to be able to do is
we want to be able send ourselves to
the search page using our
little input right here.
So there's a couple ways to do this.
I've found the easiest way is
just to wrap this in a form real
quick.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we can just key off of the onSubmit.
>> Brian Holt: So you would just
say this.handleSearchSubmit.
>> Brian Holt: Right, and that way
we're able to capture those submit events
just like a normal HTML form, and we can
just send them off to the search page.
>> Brian Holt: So
what we do here is now we're
gonna have a handleSearchSubmit,
which is going to take an event.
The first thing we're gonna do
with that event is preventDefault.
I'm sure many of you
have seen that before.
But it is a form, if you actually don't
prevent it from submitting, it's going
to try and actually navigate the page for
you, so you don't wanna do that.
That's where
the preventDefault() comes in.
This is just like normal browser stuff,
right, this isn't React specific.
But then, what we want to do is we want to
basically change the navigation to go to
the search page, right.
Well, React Router has a way of doing it,
but it's kind of, well it's a new concept
that I have to show you how to do it.
>> Brian Holt: So we've been talking
about props and state, which you're
gonna use props and state all the time.
Those are absolutely core
concepts to React and Redux.
There's a third one that
we haven't talked about.
And the reason why we haven't
talked about it is it's
definitely what one calls a foot gun,
right?
It's definitely a way that you
can shoot yourself in the foot.
And it's called context.
Now the first thing I'll tell you that
me having written React for a long time,
I have never written directly to context.
Like I don't use context myself,
however some of the libraries I
use use context, and that's okay.
So suffice to say that a library
using context is an acceptable use.
And I'm going to go ahead and assert with
some controversy, so take my opinion as
some grain of salt, that you should
not write to context, period, right.
If you're writing to context,
you should probably just move to Redux.
Okay, so why is props and
Redux and state different?
Right, so we know states and
props, but what's context?
Context is available everywhere
inside of your React app.
So it's almost Redux like in that sense,
that if you write to context in this
component, and this component way over
here is reading from the same context.
So it's essentially a global for your app.
Now if that doesn't sound like a foot gun
to you, I don't know what's wrong with
you, because it definitely
sounds like a foot gun, right.
Like this is an easy way to really confuse
what's going on in your app, right.
Cuz I've talked about all the great
reasons that React is super debuggable.
And you know where everything is
happening and why it's super great.
And that's,
in a particular sense in context,
just throws all of that out the window,
right.
Because if I modify over here and
then I start having a problem over here,
I have no clue that the problem was
actually over here to begin with.
So does that make sense,
like what context is?
So it's actually made to be pretty
difficult to modify context and
to read from context.
It's a specific act or opt-in process and
the way that they do that to you is
they actually make you do context types.
But the difference is, so if,
if we don't put a prop type for
something, it still shows up in props,
right?
If we don't put a context type for
something, it doesn't show up in context.
So you actually have to opt in and say,
I'm expecting this to come from context
and it must be this type,
or it's not gonna show up.
So, I feel like that's the React team
admitting that this is a foot gun, so
make sure you are opting
into your foot gun.
[LAUGH] Okay, so all of that said, when we
wrapped our entire app with React Router,
with the browser router, the way
that the browser router actually is
working internally is it
sticks its router on context.
And then all the different components
read from that same router.
Well, we can read from the same router
as well, so let's go ahead and do that.
So we're gonna add a context type,
so I put very first thing context
type because I want all future
people to know is, holy shit,
they're using context here, and
just have that flashing neon sign at
the top.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to pull off the router,
which is going to be an object.
>> Brian Holt: And
we also need to import
that from prop types.
Now I'm fine saying that router is
an object, and just that, because
I don't maintain the router, so I don't
really care to describe the shape of it.
So I'm just happy to say
that that's an object.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So,
>> Brian Holt: What we're gonna
do here is then we're gonna say
this.context.router.transitionTo('/searc-
h').
>> Brian Holt: This is the way that you
programmatically navigate
with React Router.
>> Brian Holt: Questions about this?
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so
let's go make sure that actually works.
>> Brian Holt: Refresh.
>> Brian Holt: I don't know why my dev
tools are having such a hard time today,
but whatever.
So now I'm gonna say house and
if I hit enter,
it navigates me to search.
>> Brian Holt: Any
questions while I push
up a branch real quick?
>> Speaker 2: Is it possible to do
the navigation in a reducer?
>> Brian Holt: So
I think ultimately what you're getting at,
indirectly, or whether or
not you realize that you're getting at, is
can you have your routing done by Redux?
The answer is there is
a thing called Redux router,
which is ultimately a thin
wrapper on top of a React Router.
So, if you're into that, I really don't
know anything more about it than that cuz
I've never used it, but it does exist.
It's a separate library
maintained by the same people.
But ultimately it's using
React Router at its core.
And I also am not sure that they've
written a v4 branch yet, so I think that's
stuck on the older React Router for now.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, Francois is asking,
so you gave us this big warning
about context, is what you are doing
the common way of doing it?
>> Brian Holt: I mean,
this is the way you have to
do it with React Router v4.
So like I said, if a library I
use integrates with contexts,
then I'm okay using context for that.
But I personally never
write to context myself.